Miss Xu said that our relationship as husband and wife was not serious.
Can you come and prove it for me?
Ah? What's the matter? She said I should go up and see Xu you?
I can't go, I can't go, to the old guard's place.
That clerk, I'm a little busy now.
Is that okay for another day?
Is it convenient? Then you go ahead and I'll come.
Will I be angry? How about I go?
But don't, don't turn off the revision. I didn't remind you.
Now that you are in the hall in public, why can't dad hide his identity?
Shen Yin is easy to call, but Xu Yin is not easy to call.
Everyone grew up in the same circle,
Even if you are a public servant
He knows you are a one-night blessing
When the time comes, you will offer sacrifices to my wife who is as blessed as a fool.
But I'm really going to be angry
Then he didn't use it and was so angry. What's going on? Xiao Sheng
It's up to the leaders to take action.
After all, our own employees
I'll help you solve it
Then why don't you go quickly?